cdc: support azure (#20858)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-apache-kafka.md

Reviewer: L118

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a2b1573c-20b7-4590-a7c1-6531c85e722d)

->
```
3. Click **Create Changefeed**, and select **Kafka** as **Destination**.
```

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/08cb72d4-0967-4808-8563-37f9b633cc71)

Reviewer: Done in [`b85293d` (#20858)](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/20858/commits/b85293d193159d527b39de0b1058c3ca675be0ae)

11. Once the endpoint is created, log in to your cloud provider console and accept the connection request.
12. Return to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com) to confirm that you have accepted the connection request. TiDB Cloud will test the connection and proceed to the next page if the test succeeds.

</div>
<div label="Private Link (Azure)">

1. In **Connectivity Method**, select **Private Link**.

> 2. Authorize the Azure subscription of TiDB Cloud or allow anyone with your alias to access your Private Link service before creating the changefeed. The Azure subscription is provided in the tip on the web page. For more information about the visibility of Private Link service, see [Control service exposure](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/private-link/private-link-service-overview#control-service-exposure) in Azure documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Authorize the Azure subscription of TiDB Cloud or allow anyone with your alias to access your Private Link service before creating the changefeed. The Azure subscription is provided in the **Reminders before proceeding** tip on the web page. For more information about the visibility of Private Link service, see [Control service exposure](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/private-link/private-link-service-overview#control-service-exposure) in Azure documentation.
```

5. Fill in the **Bootstrap Ports**. It is recommended that you set at least one port for one AZ. You can use commas `,` to separate multiple ports.
6. Select an **Authentication** option according to your Kafka authentication configuration.

    - If your Kafka does not require authentication, keep the default option **Disable**.
    - If your Kafka requires authentication, select the corresponding authentication type, and then fill in the **user name** and **password** of your Kafka account for authentication.

7. Select your **Kafka Version**. If you do not know which one to use, use **Kafka v2**.
8. Select a **Compression** type for the data in this changefeed.
9. Enable the **TLS Encryption** option if your Kafka has enabled TLS encryption and you want to use TLS encryption for the Kafka connection.
10. Click **Next** to test the network connection. If the test succeeds, you will be directed to the next page.
11. TiDB Cloud creates the endpoint for **Private Link**, which might take several minutes.

> 12. Once the endpoint is created, log in to your cloud provider console and accept the connection request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Once the endpoint is created, log in to the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/) and accept the connection request.
```
